---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana_cloud_stack Data Source - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: "Cloud"
description: |-
  Data source for Grafana Stack
---

# grafana_cloud_stack (Data Source)

Data source for Grafana Stack

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "grafana_cloud_stack" "test" {
  name        = "gcloudstacktest"
  slug        = "gcloudstacktest"
  region_slug = "eu"
  description = "Test Grafana Cloud Stack"
}

data "grafana_cloud_stack" "test" {
  slug = grafana_cloud_stack.test.slug
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `slug` (String) Subdomain that the Grafana instance will be available at (i.e. setting slug to “<stack_slug>” will make the instance
available at “https://<stack_slug>.grafana.net".

### Read-Only

- `alertmanager_name` (String) Name of the Alertmanager instance configured for this stack.
- `alertmanager_status` (String) Status of the Alertmanager instance configured for this stack.
- `alertmanager_url` (String) Base URL of the Alertmanager instance configured for this stack.
- `alertmanager_user_id` (Number) User ID of the Alertmanager instance configured for this stack.
- `description` (String) Description of stack.
- `fleet_management_name` (String) Name of the Fleet Management instance configured for this stack.
- `fleet_management_status` (String) Status of the Fleet Management instance configured for this stack.
- `fleet_management_url` (String) Base URL of the Fleet Management instance configured for this stack.
- `fleet_management_user_id` (Number) User ID of the Fleet Management instance configured for this stack.
- `graphite_name` (String)
- `graphite_status` (String)
- `graphite_url` (String)
- `graphite_user_id` (Number)
- `id` (String) The stack id assigned to this stack by Grafana.
- `influx_url` (String) Base URL of the InfluxDB instance configured for this stack. The username is the same as the metrics' (`prometheus_user_id` attribute of this resource). See https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/send-data/metrics/metrics-influxdb/push-from-telegraf/ for docs on how to use this.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of labels to assign to the stack. Label keys and values must match the following regexp: "^[a-zA-Z0-9/\\-.]+$" and stacks cannot have more than 10 labels.
- `logs_name` (String)
- `logs_status` (String)
- `logs_url` (String)
- `logs_user_id` (Number)
- `name` (String) Name of stack. Conventionally matches the url of the instance (e.g. `<stack_slug>.grafana.net`).
- `org_id` (Number) Organization id to assign to this stack.
- `org_name` (String) Organization name to assign to this stack.
- `org_slug` (String) Organization slug to assign to this stack.
- `otlp_url` (String) Base URL of the OTLP instance configured for this stack. The username is the stack's ID (`id` attribute of this resource). See https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/send-data/otlp/send-data-otlp/ for docs on how to use this.
- `profiles_name` (String)
- `profiles_status` (String)
- `profiles_url` (String)
- `profiles_user_id` (Number)
- `prometheus_name` (String) Prometheus name for this instance.
- `prometheus_remote_endpoint` (String) Use this URL to query hosted metrics data e.g. Prometheus data source in Grafana
- `prometheus_remote_write_endpoint` (String) Use this URL to send prometheus metrics to Grafana cloud
- `prometheus_status` (String) Prometheus status for this instance.
- `prometheus_url` (String) Prometheus url for this instance.
- `prometheus_user_id` (Number) Prometheus user ID. Used for e.g. remote_write.
- `region_slug` (String) The region this stack is deployed to.
- `status` (String) Status of the stack.
- `traces_name` (String)
- `traces_status` (String)
- `traces_url` (String) Base URL of the Traces instance configured for this stack. To use this in the Tempo data source in Grafana, append `/tempo` to the URL.
- `traces_user_id` (Number)
- `url` (String) Custom URL for the Grafana instance. Must have a CNAME setup to point to `.grafana.net` before creating the stack
