---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana_cloud_provider_aws_cloudwatch_scrape_job Data Source - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: "Cloud Provider"
description: |-
  
---

# grafana_cloud_provider_aws_cloudwatch_scrape_job (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "grafana_cloud_stack" "test" {
  slug = "gcloudstacktest"
}

data "grafana_cloud_provider_aws_cloudwatch_scrape_job" "test" {
  stack_id    = data.grafana_cloud_stack.test.id
  name        = "my-cloudwatch-scrape-job"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the CloudWatch Scrape Job. Part of the Terraform Resource ID.
- `stack_id` (String) The Stack ID of the Grafana Cloud instance. Part of the Terraform Resource ID.

### Read-Only

- `aws_account_resource_id` (String) The ID assigned by the Grafana Cloud Provider API to an AWS Account resource that should be associated with this CloudWatch Scrape Job.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the CloudWatch Scrape Job is enabled or not.
- `id` (String) The Terraform Resource ID. This has the format "{{ stack_id }}:{{ job_name }}".
- `regions` (Set of String) A set of AWS region names that this CloudWatch Scrape Job applies to.
- `service_configuration` (Block Set) Each block dictates what this CloudWatch Scrape Job should scrape for the specified AWS service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service_configuration))

<a id="nestedblock--service_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `is_custom_namespace` (Boolean) Whether the service name is a custom, user-generated metrics namespace, as opposed to a standard AWS service metrics namespace.
- `metric` (Block Set) Each block configures a metric and their statistics to scrape. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service_configuration--metric))
- `name` (String) The name of the service to scrape. See https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/monitor-infrastructure/aws/cloudwatch-metrics/services/ for supported services, metrics, and their statistics.
- `resource_discovery_tag_filter` (Block Set) Each block configures a tag filter applied to discovery of resource entities in the associated AWS account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service_configuration--resource_discovery_tag_filter))
- `scrape_interval_seconds` (Number) The interval in seconds to scrape the service. See https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/monitor-infrastructure/aws/cloudwatch-metrics/services/ for supported scrape intervals.
- `tags_to_add_to_metrics` (Set of String) A set of tags to add to all metrics exported by this scrape job, for use in PromQL queries.

<a id="nestedblock--service_configuration--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_configuration.metric`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the metric to scrape.
- `statistics` (Set of String) A set of statistics to scrape.


<a id="nestedblock--service_configuration--resource_discovery_tag_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_configuration.resource_discovery_tag_filter`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag filter.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag filter.
