---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana_library_panel Data Source - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving a single library panel by name or uid.
---

# grafana_library_panel (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving a single library panel by name or uid.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "grafana_library_panel" "test" {
  name        = "test name"
  folder_id   = 0
  model_json  = jsonencode({
    title     = "test name",
    version   = 34,
  })
}

data "grafana_library_panel" "from_name" {
  name = grafana_library_panel.test.name
}

data "grafana_library_panel" "from_uid" {
  uid = grafana_library_panel.test.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **name** (String) Name of the library panel.
- **uid** (String) The unique identifier (UID) of a library panel uniquely identifies library panels between multiple Grafana installs. It’s automatically generated unless you specify it during library panel creation.The UID provides consistent URLs for accessing library panels and when syncing library panels between multiple Grafana installs.

### Read-Only

- **created** (String) Timestamp when the library panel was created.
- **dashboard_ids** (List of Number) Numerical IDs of Grafana dashboards containing the library panel.
- **description** (String) Description of the library panel.
- **folder_id** (Number) ID of the folder where the library panel is stored.
- **folder_name** (String) Name of the folder containing the library panel.
- **folder_uid** (String) Unique ID (UID) of the folder containing the library panel.
- **model_json** (String) The JSON model for the library panel.
- **org_id** (Number) The numeric ID of the library panel computed by Grafana.
- **panel_id** (Number) The numeric ID of the library panel computed by Grafana.
- **type** (String) Type of the library panel (eg. text).
- **updated** (String) Timestamp when the library panel was last modified.
- **version** (Number) Version of the library panel.


