---
page_title: "grafana_oncall_escalation_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: "OnCall"
description: |-
  Data source for Grafana OnCall Escalation Policies. HTTP API https://grafana.com/docs/oncall/latest/oncall-api-reference/escalation_policies/
---

# grafana_oncall_escalation_policy (Data Source)

* [HTTP API](https://grafana.com/docs/oncall/latest/oncall-api-reference/escalation_policies/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "grafana_oncall_escalation_chain" "example" {
  name = "Example Chain"
}

data "grafana_oncall_escalation_policy" "example" {
  escalation_chain_id = data.grafana_oncall_escalation_chain.example.id
  position            = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `escalation_chain_id` (String) The ID of the escalation chain.
- `position` (Number) The position of the escalation step (starts from 0).

### Read-Only

- `action_to_trigger` (String) The ID of an Action for trigger_webhook type step.
- `duration` (Number) The duration of delay for wait type step.
- `group_to_notify` (String) The ID of a User Group for notify_user_group type step.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `important` (Boolean) Whether the step uses important notification rules.
- `notify_if_time_from` (String) The beginning of the time interval for notify_if_time_from_to type step.
- `notify_if_time_to` (String) The end of the time interval for notify_if_time_from_to type step.
- `notify_on_call_from_schedule` (String) ID of a Schedule for notify_on_call_from_schedule type step.
- `notify_to_team_members` (String) The ID of a Team for a notify_team_members type step.
- `num_alerts_in_window` (Number) Number of alerts for notify_if_num_alerts_in_window type step.
- `num_minutes_in_window` (Number) Time window in minutes for notify_if_num_alerts_in_window type step.
- `persons_to_notify` (Set of String) The list of ID's of users for notify_persons type step.
- `persons_to_notify_next_each_time` (Set of String) The list of ID's of users for notify_person_next_each_time type step.
- `severity` (String) The severity of the incident for declare_incident type step.
- `type` (String) The type of escalation policy.
