---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana_oncall_on_call_shift Data Source - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: "OnCall"
description: |-
  HTTP API https://grafana.com/docs/oncall/latest/oncall-api-reference/on_call_shifts/
---

# grafana_oncall_on_call_shift (Data Source)

* [HTTP API](https://grafana.com/docs/oncall/latest/oncall-api-reference/on_call_shifts/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "grafana_oncall_on_call_shift" "shift" {
  name = "example_shift"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The shift's name.

### Read-Only

- `by_day` (Set of String) This parameter takes a list of days in iCal format. Can be MO, TU, WE, TH, FR, SA, SU
- `by_month` (Set of Number) This parameter takes a list of months. Valid values are 1 to 12
- `by_monthday` (Set of Number) This parameter takes a list of days of the month.  Valid values are 1 to 31 or -31 to -1
- `duration` (Number) The duration of the event.
- `frequency` (String) The frequency of the event. Can be hourly, daily, weekly, monthly
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `interval` (Number) The positive integer representing at which intervals the recurrence rule repeats.
- `level` (Number) The priority level. The higher the value, the higher the priority.
- `rolling_users` (List of Set of String) The list of lists with on-call users (for rolling_users event type)
- `start` (String) The start time of the on-call shift. This parameter takes a date format as yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss (for example "2020-09-05T08:00:00")
- `start_rotation_from_user_index` (Number) The index of the list of users in rolling_users, from which on-call rotation starts.
- `team_id` (String) The ID of the OnCall team (using the `grafana_oncall_team` datasource).
- `time_zone` (String) The shift's timezone.  Overrides schedule's timezone.
- `type` (String) The shift's type. Can be rolling_users, recurrent_event, single_event
- `until` (String) The end time of recurrent on-call shifts (endless if null). This parameter takes a date format as yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss (for example "2020-09-05T08:00:00")
- `users` (Set of String) The list of on-call users (for single_event and recurrent_event event type).
- `week_start` (String) Start day of the week in iCal format. Can be MO, TU, WE, TH, FR, SA, SU
