---
layout: "grafana"
page_title: "Grafana: grafana_dashboard"
sidebar_current: "docs-grafana-resource-dashboard"
description: |-
  The grafana_dashboard resource allows a Grafana dashboard to be created.
---

# grafana\_dashboard

~> **NOTE:** This resource requires Grafana v5.0+. You can use the provider prior or equal to version 1.5.0 if you are using an older Grafana version.

The dashboard resource allows a dashboard to be created on a Grafana server.

## Example Usage

### Basig usage
```hcl
resource "grafana_dashboard" "metrics" {
  config_json = "${file("grafana-dashboard.json")}"
}
```

### Set explictly the `uid` and add the dashboard to a `folder`
```hcl
resource "grafana_folder" "eu_west" {
  title = "eu-west"
}

resource "grafana_dashboard" "metrics" {
  uid         = "IqewyNmMz"
  config_json = "${file("grafana-dashboard.json")}"
  folder      = grafana_folder.us_east.id 
}
```


Dashboards can be exported from Grafana's web UI in JSON format and provided
via the `config_json` argument.

The exported JSON will include references to Grafana data sources, but the
data source configuration is not exported in this way. In order to fully
manage a dashboard with Terraform, necessary data sources can be created
using the `grafana_data_source` resource. In order to ensure that a data
source is created before a dashboard that refers to it, use the `depends_on`
meta-parameter:

```hcl
    depends_on = ["grafana_data_source.metrics"]
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `config_json` - (Required) The JSON configuration for the dashboard.

* `uid` - (Optional) A unique identifier for this dashboard, generated by Grafana.
  This can be used to generate a stable URL for a dashboard even accross instances.

* `folder` - (Optional) The internal id of the folder
  in Grafana in which to place the dashboard. Requires Grafana v5.1+

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `uid` - A unique identifier for this dashboard.

* `slug` - A URL "slug" for this dashboard, generated by Grafana by removing
  certain characters from the dashboard name given as part of the `config_json`
  argument. Deprecated since Grafana v5.0+, use `uid` instead.

## Import

Existing dashboards can be imported using the dashboard "uid" which can be
obtained from the url of the dashboard in Grafana (e.g. `https://grafana.mydomain.com/d/IqewyNmMz/example-dashboard` where `IqewyNmMz` is the `uid`)

```sh
$ terraform import grafana_dashboard.dashboard_name {uid}
```
