---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: Grafana"
description: |-
  The Grafana provider provides configuration management resources for Grafana.
---

# Grafana Provider

The Grafana provider provides configuration management resources for
[Grafana](https://grafana.com/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "grafana" {
  url  = "http://grafana.example.com/"
  auth = var.grafana_auth
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **auth** (String, Sensitive) API token or basic auth username:password. May alternatively be set via the `GRAFANA_AUTH` environment variable.
- **url** (String) The root URL of a Grafana server. May alternatively be set via the `GRAFANA_URL` environment variable.

### Optional

- **ca_cert** (String) Certificate CA bundle to use to verify the Grafana server's certificate. May alternatively be set via the `GRAFANA_CA_CERT` environment variable.
- **insecure_skip_verify** (Boolean) Skip TLS certificate verification. May alternatively be set via the `GRAFANA_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY` environment variable.
- **org_id** (Number) The organization id to operate on within grafana. May alternatively be set via the `GRAFANA_ORG_ID` environment variable.
- **sm_access_token** (String, Sensitive) A Synthetic Monitoring access token. May alternatively be set via the `GRAFANA_SM_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variable.
- **tls_cert** (String) Client TLS certificate file to use to authenticate to the Grafana server. May alternatively be set via the `GRAFANA_TLS_CERT` environment variable.
- **tls_key** (String) Client TLS key file to use to authenticate to the Grafana server. May alternatively be set via the `GRAFANA_TLS_KEY` environment variable.
