---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana_apps_playlist_playlist_v0alpha1 Resource - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Grafana playlists via the new Grafana App Platform API. This resource is currently EXPERIMENTAL and may be subject to change. It requires a development build of Grafana with specific feature flags enabled.
---

# grafana_apps_playlist_playlist_v0alpha1 (Resource)

Manages Grafana playlists via the new Grafana App Platform API. This resource is currently **EXPERIMENTAL** and may be subject to change. It requires a development build of Grafana with specific feature flags enabled.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Block, Optional) The metadata of the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `options` (Block, Optional) Options for applying the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--options))
- `spec` (Block, Optional) The spec of the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `uid` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.

Optional:

- `folder_uid` (String) The UID of the folder to save the resource in.

Read-Only:

- `url` (String) The full URL of the resource.
- `uuid` (String) The globally unique identifier of a resource, used by the API for tracking.
- `version` (String) The version of the resource.


<a id="nestedblock--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- `overwrite` (Boolean) Set to true if you want to overwrite existing resource with newer version, same resource title in folder or same resource uid.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `items` (List of Object) The items of the playlist. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--items))
- `title` (String) The title of the playlist.

Optional:

- `interval` (String) The interval of the playlist.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.items`

Required:

- `type` (String)
- `value` (String)
