---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana_cloud_provider_aws_cloudwatch_scrape_job Resource - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: "Cloud Provider"
description: |-
  
---

# grafana_cloud_provider_aws_cloudwatch_scrape_job (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "grafana_cloud_stack" "test" {
  slug = "gcloudstacktest"
}

data "aws_iam_role" "test" {
  name = "my-role"
}

resource "grafana_cloud_provider_aws_account" "test" {
  stack_id = data.grafana_cloud_stack.test.id
  role_arn = data.aws_iam_role.test.arn
  regions = [
    "us-east-1",
    "us-east-2",
    "us-west-1"
  ]
}

resource "grafana_cloud_provider_aws_cloudwatch_scrape_job" "test" {
  stack_id                = data.grafana_cloud_stack.test.id
  name                    = "my-cloudwatch-scrape-job"
  aws_account_resource_id = grafana_cloud_provider_aws_account.test.resource_id
  export_tags             = true

  service {
    name = "AWS/EC2"
    metric {
      name       = "CPUUtilization"
      statistics = ["Average"]
    }
    metric {
      name       = "StatusCheckFailed"
      statistics = ["Maximum"]
    }
    scrape_interval_seconds = 300
    resource_discovery_tag_filter {
      key   = "k8s.io/cluster-autoscaler/enabled"
      value = "true"
    }
    tags_to_add_to_metrics = ["eks:cluster-name"]
  }

  custom_namespace {
    name = "CoolApp"
    metric {
      name       = "CoolMetric"
      statistics = ["Maximum", "Sum"]
    }
    scrape_interval_seconds = 300
  }

  static_label {
    label = "label1"
    value = "value1"
  }

  static_label {
    label = "label2"
    value = "value2"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `aws_account_resource_id` (String) The ID assigned by the Grafana Cloud Provider API to an AWS Account resource that should be associated with this CloudWatch Scrape Job. This can be provided by the `resource_id` attribute of the `grafana_cloud_provider_aws_account` resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the CloudWatch Scrape Job. Part of the Terraform Resource ID.
- `stack_id` (String) The Stack ID of the Grafana Cloud instance. Part of the Terraform Resource ID.

### Optional

- `custom_namespace` (Block List) Zero or more configuration blocks to configure custom namespaces for the CloudWatch Scrape Job to scrape. Each block must have a distinct `name` attribute. When accessing this as an attribute reference, it is a list of objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_namespace))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the CloudWatch Scrape Job is enabled or not.
- `export_tags` (Boolean) When enabled, AWS resource tags are exported as Prometheus labels to metrics formatted as `aws_<service_name>_info`.
- `regions_subset_override` (Set of String) A subset of the regions that are configured in the associated AWS Account resource to apply to this scrape job. If not set or empty, all of the Account resource's regions are scraped.
- `service` (Block List) One or more configuration blocks to configure AWS services for the CloudWatch Scrape Job to scrape. Each block must have a distinct `name` attribute. When accessing this as an attribute reference, it is a list of objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service))
- `static_label` (Block List) Zero or more configuration blocks to configure static labels to add to all metrics exported by this scrape job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--static_label))

### Read-Only

- `disabled_reason` (String) When the CloudWatch Scrape Job is disabled, this will show the reason that it is in that state.
- `id` (String) The Terraform Resource ID. This has the format "{{ stack_id }}:{{ name }}".

<a id="nestedblock--custom_namespace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_namespace`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the custom namespace to scrape.

Optional:

- `metric` (Block List) One or more configuration blocks to configure metrics and their statistics to scrape. Each block must represent a distinct metric name. When accessing this as an attribute reference, it is a list of objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_namespace--metric))
- `scrape_interval_seconds` (Number) The interval in seconds to scrape the custom namespace.

<a id="nestedblock--custom_namespace--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_namespace.metric`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the metric to scrape.
- `statistics` (Set of String) A set of statistics to scrape.



<a id="nestedblock--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the service to scrape. See https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/monitor-infrastructure/aws/cloudwatch-metrics/services/ for supported services.

Optional:

- `metric` (Block List) One or more configuration blocks to configure metrics and their statistics to scrape. Please note that AWS metric names must be supplied, and not their PromQL counterparts. Each block must represent a distinct metric name. When accessing this as an attribute reference, it is a list of objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service--metric))
- `resource_discovery_tag_filter` (Block List) One or more configuration blocks to configure tag filters applied to discovery of resource entities in the associated AWS account. When accessing this as an attribute reference, it is a list of objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service--resource_discovery_tag_filter))
- `scrape_interval_seconds` (Number) The interval in seconds to scrape the service. See https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/monitor-infrastructure/aws/cloudwatch-metrics/services/ for supported scrape intervals.
- `tags_to_add_to_metrics` (Set of String) A set of tags to add to all metrics exported by this scrape job, for use in PromQL queries.

<a id="nestedblock--service--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service.metric`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the metric to scrape.
- `statistics` (Set of String) A set of statistics to scrape.


<a id="nestedblock--service--resource_discovery_tag_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service.resource_discovery_tag_filter`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag filter.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag filter.



<a id="nestedblock--static_label"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_label`

Required:

- `label` (String) The label.
- `value` (String) The value of the label.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import grafana_cloud_provider_aws_cloudwatch_scrape_job.name "{{ stack_id }}:{{ name }}"
```
