---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana_cloud_stack Resource - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: "Cloud"
description: |-
  Official documentation https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/developer-resources/api-reference/cloud-api/#stacks/
  Required access policy scopes:
  stacks:readstacks:writestacks:delete
---

# grafana_cloud_stack (Resource)

* [Official documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/developer-resources/api-reference/cloud-api/#stacks/)

Required access policy scopes:

* stacks:read
* stacks:write
* stacks:delete

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "grafana_cloud_stack" "test" {
  name        = "gcloudstacktest"
  slug        = "gcloudstacktest"
  region_slug = "eu"
  description = "Test Grafana Cloud Stack"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of stack. Conventionally matches the url of the instance (e.g. `<stack_slug>.grafana.net`).
- `slug` (String) Subdomain that the Grafana instance will be available at. Setting slug to `<stack_slug>` will make the instance available at `https://<stack_slug>.grafana.net`.

### Optional

- `delete_protection` (Boolean) Whether to enable delete protection for the stack, preventing accidental deletion. Defaults to `true`.
- `description` (String) Description of stack.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of labels to assign to the stack. Label keys and values must match the following regexp: "^[a-zA-Z0-9/\\-.]+$" and stacks cannot have more than 10 labels.
- `region_slug` (String) Region slug to assign to this stack. Changing region will destroy the existing stack and create a new one in the desired region. Use the region list API to get the list of available regions: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/developer-resources/api-reference/cloud-api/#list-regions.
- `url` (String) Custom URL for the Grafana instance. Must have a CNAME setup to point to `.grafana.net` before creating the stack
- `wait_for_readiness` (Boolean) Whether to wait for readiness of the stack after creating it. The check is a HEAD request to the stack URL (Grafana instance). Defaults to `true`.
- `wait_for_readiness_timeout` (String) How long to wait for readiness (if enabled). Defaults to `5m0s`.

### Read-Only

- `alertmanager_ip_allow_list_cname` (String) Comma-separated list of CNAMEs that can be whitelisted to access the Alertmanager instances (Optional)
- `alertmanager_name` (String) Name of the Alertmanager instance configured for this stack.
- `alertmanager_status` (String) Status of the Alertmanager instance configured for this stack.
- `alertmanager_url` (String) Base URL of the Alertmanager instance configured for this stack.
- `alertmanager_user_id` (Number) User ID of the Alertmanager instance configured for this stack.
- `cluster_slug` (String) Slug of the cluster where this stack resides.
- `fleet_management_name` (String) Name of the Fleet Management instance configured for this stack.
- `fleet_management_status` (String) Status of the Fleet Management instance configured for this stack.
- `fleet_management_url` (String) Base URL of the Fleet Management instance configured for this stack.
- `fleet_management_user_id` (Number) User ID of the Fleet Management instance configured for this stack.
- `grafanas_ip_allow_list_cname` (String) Comma-separated list of CNAMEs that can be whitelisted to access the grafana instance (Optional)
- `graphite_ip_allow_list_cname` (String) Comma-separated list of CNAMEs that can be whitelisted to access the Graphite instance (Optional)
- `graphite_name` (String)
- `graphite_private_connectivity_info_private_dns` (String) Private DNS for Graphite when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `graphite_private_connectivity_info_service_name` (String) Service Name for Graphite when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `graphite_status` (String)
- `graphite_url` (String)
- `graphite_user_id` (Number)
- `id` (String) The stack id assigned to this stack by Grafana.
- `influx_url` (String) Base URL of the InfluxDB instance configured for this stack. The username is the same as the metrics' (`prometheus_user_id` attribute of this resource). See https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/send-data/metrics/metrics-influxdb/push-from-telegraf/ for docs on how to use this.
- `logs_ip_allow_list_cname` (String) Comma-separated list of CNAMEs that can be whitelisted to access the Logs instance (Optional)
- `logs_name` (String)
- `logs_private_connectivity_info_private_dns` (String) Private DNS for Logs when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `logs_private_connectivity_info_service_name` (String) Service Name for Logs when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `logs_status` (String)
- `logs_url` (String)
- `logs_user_id` (Number)
- `oncall_api_url` (String) Base URL of the OnCall API instance configured for this stack.
- `org_id` (Number) Organization id to assign to this stack.
- `org_name` (String) Organization name to assign to this stack.
- `org_slug` (String) Organization slug to assign to this stack.
- `otlp_private_connectivity_info_private_dns` (String) Private DNS for OTLP when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `otlp_private_connectivity_info_service_name` (String) Service Name for OTLP when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `otlp_url` (String) Base URL of the OTLP instance configured for this stack. The username is the stack's ID (`id` attribute of this resource). See https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/send-data/otlp/send-data-otlp/ for docs on how to use this.
- `pdc_api_private_connectivity_info_private_dns` (String) Private DNS for PDC's API when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `pdc_api_private_connectivity_info_service_name` (String) Service Name for PDC's API when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `pdc_gateway_private_connectivity_info_private_dns` (String) Private DNS for PDC's Gateway when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `pdc_gateway_private_connectivity_info_service_name` (String) Service Name for PDC's Gateway when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `profiles_ip_allow_list_cname` (String) Comma-separated list of CNAMEs that can be whitelisted to access the Profiles instance (Optional)
- `profiles_name` (String)
- `profiles_private_connectivity_info_private_dns` (String) Private DNS for Profiles when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `profiles_private_connectivity_info_service_name` (String) Service Name for Profiles when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `profiles_status` (String)
- `profiles_url` (String)
- `profiles_user_id` (Number)
- `prometheus_ip_allow_list_cname` (String) Comma-separated list of CNAMEs that can be whitelisted to access the Prometheus instance (Optional)
- `prometheus_name` (String) Prometheus name for this instance.
- `prometheus_private_connectivity_info_private_dns` (String) Private DNS for Prometheus when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `prometheus_private_connectivity_info_service_name` (String) Service Name for Prometheus when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `prometheus_remote_endpoint` (String) Use this URL to query hosted metrics data e.g. Prometheus data source in Grafana
- `prometheus_remote_write_endpoint` (String) Use this URL to send prometheus metrics to Grafana cloud
- `prometheus_status` (String) Prometheus status for this instance.
- `prometheus_url` (String) Prometheus url for this instance.
- `prometheus_user_id` (Number) Prometheus user ID. Used for e.g. remote_write.
- `status` (String) Status of the stack.
- `traces_ip_allow_list_cname` (String) Comma-separated list of CNAMEs that can be whitelisted to access the Traces instance (Optional)
- `traces_name` (String)
- `traces_private_connectivity_info_private_dns` (String) Private DNS for Traces when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `traces_private_connectivity_info_service_name` (String) Service Name for Traces when using AWS PrivateLink (only for AWS stacks)
- `traces_status` (String)
- `traces_url` (String) Base URL of the Traces instance configured for this stack. To use this in the Tempo data source in Grafana, append `/tempo` to the URL.
- `traces_user_id` (Number)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import grafana_cloud_stack.name "{{ stackSlugOrID }}"
```
