---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana_contact_point Resource - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Grafana Alerting contact points.
  Official documentation https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/next/alerting/contact-pointsHTTP API https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/developers/http_api/alerting_provisioning/#contact-points
---

# grafana_contact_point (Resource)

Manages Grafana Alerting contact points.

* [Official documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/next/alerting/contact-points)
* [HTTP API](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/developers/http_api/alerting_provisioning/#contact-points)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "grafana_contact_point" "my_contact_point" {
    name = "My Contact Point"

   email {
        addresses = ["one@company.org", "two@company.org"]
        message = "{{ len .Alerts.Firing }} firing."
        subject = "{{ template \"default.title\" .}}"
        single_email = true
        disable_resolve_message = false
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the contact point.

### Optional

- `discord` (Block List) A contact point that sends notifications to Discord. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--discord))
- `email` (Block List) A contact point that sends notifications to an email address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--email))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--discord"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discord`

Required:

- `url` (String, Sensitive) The discord webhook URL.

Optional:

- `avatar_url` (String) The URL of a custom avatar image to use. Defaults to ``.
- `disable_resolve_message` (Boolean) Whether to disable sending resolve messages. Defaults to `false`.
- `message` (String) The templated content of the message. Defaults to ``.
- `settings` (Map of String, Sensitive) Additional custom properties to attach to the notifier. Defaults to `map[]`.
- `use_discord_username` (Boolean) Whether to use the bot account's plain username instead of "Grafana." Defaults to `false`.

Read-Only:

- `uid` (String) The UID of the contact point.


<a id="nestedblock--email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email`

Required:

- `addresses` (List of String) The addresses to send emails to.

Optional:

- `disable_resolve_message` (Boolean) Whether to disable sending resolve messages. Defaults to `false`.
- `message` (String) The templated content of the email. Defaults to ``.
- `settings` (Map of String, Sensitive) Additional custom properties to attach to the notifier. Defaults to `map[]`.
- `single_email` (Boolean) Whether to send a single email CC'ing all addresses, rather than a separate email to each address. Defaults to `false`.
- `subject` (String) The templated subject line of the email. Defaults to ``.

Read-Only:

- `uid` (String) The UID of the contact point.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import grafana_contact_point.contact_point_name {{contact_point_name}}
```
