---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana_dashboard Resource - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: "Grafana OSS"
description: |-
  Manages Grafana dashboards.
  Official documentation https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/HTTP API https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/developers/http_api/dashboard/
---

# grafana_dashboard (Resource)

Manages Grafana dashboards.

* [Official documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/)
* [HTTP API](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/developers/http_api/dashboard/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "grafana_dashboard" "metrics" {
  config_json = file("grafana-dashboard.json")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config_json` (String) The complete dashboard model JSON.

### Optional

- `folder` (String) The id of the folder to save the dashboard in. This attribute is a string to reflect the type of the folder's id.
- `message` (String) Set a commit message for the version history.
- `org_id` (String) The Organization ID. If not set, the Org ID defined in the provider block will be used.
- `overwrite` (Boolean) Set to true if you want to overwrite existing dashboard with newer version, same dashboard title in folder or same dashboard uid.

### Read-Only

- `dashboard_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the dashboard computed by Grafana.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `slug` (String, Deprecated) URL friendly version of the dashboard title. This field is deprecated, please use `uid` instead.
- `uid` (String) The unique identifier of a dashboard. This is used to construct its URL. It's automatically generated if not provided when creating a dashboard. The uid allows having consistent URLs for accessing dashboards and when syncing dashboards between multiple Grafana installs.
- `url` (String) The full URL of the dashboard.
- `version` (Number) Whenever you save a version of your dashboard, a copy of that version is saved so that previous versions of your dashboard are not lost.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import grafana_dashboard.dashboard_name {{dashboard_uid}} # To use the default provider org
terraform import grafana_dashboard.dashboard_name {{org_id}}:{{dashboard_uid}} # When "org_id" is set on the resource
```
