---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana_machine_learning_outlier_detector Resource - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: "Cloud"
description: |-
  An outlier detector monitors the results of a query and reports when its values are outside normal bands.
  The normal band is configured by choice of algorithm, its sensitivity and other configuration.
  Visit https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/machine-learning/outlier-detection/ for more details.
---

# grafana_machine_learning_outlier_detector (Resource)

An outlier detector monitors the results of a query and reports when its values are outside normal bands.

The normal band is configured by choice of algorithm, its sensitivity and other configuration.

Visit https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/machine-learning/outlier-detection/ for more details.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `algorithm` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) The algorithm to use and its configuration. See https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/machine-learning/outlier-detection/ for details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--algorithm))
- `datasource_type` (String) The type of datasource being queried. Currently allowed values are prometheus, graphite, loki, postgres, and datadog.
- `metric` (String) The metric used to query the outlier detector results.
- `name` (String) The name of the outlier detector.
- `query_params` (Map of String) An object representing the query params to query Grafana with.

### Optional

- `datasource_id` (Number) The id of the datasource to query.
- `datasource_uid` (String) The uid of the datasource to query.
- `description` (String) A description of the outlier detector.
- `interval` (Number) The data interval in seconds to monitor. Defaults to `300`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the outlier detector.

<a id="nestedblock--algorithm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `algorithm`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the algorithm to use ('mad' or 'dbscan').
- `sensitivity` (Number) Specify the sensitivity of the detector (in range [0,1]).

Optional:

- `config` (Block Set, Max: 1) For DBSCAN only, specify the configuration map (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--algorithm--config))

<a id="nestedblock--algorithm--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `algorithm.config`

Required:

- `epsilon` (Number) Specify the epsilon parameter (positive float)
