---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana_oncall_outgoing_webhook Resource - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: "OnCall"
description: |-
  HTTP API https://grafana.com/docs/oncall/latest/oncall-api-reference/outgoing_webhooks/
---

# grafana_oncall_outgoing_webhook (Resource)

* [HTTP API](https://grafana.com/docs/oncall/latest/oncall-api-reference/outgoing_webhooks/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "grafana_team" "my_team" {
  name = "my team"
}

data "grafana_oncall_team" "my_team" {
  name = data.grafana_team.my_team.name
}

resource "grafana_oncall_outgoing_webhook" "test-acc-outgoing_webhook" {
  provider = grafana.oncall
  name     = "my outgoing webhook"
  url      = "https://example.com/"

  // Optional: specify the team to which the outgoing webhook belongs
  team_id  = data.grafana_oncall_team.my_team.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the outgoing webhook.
- `url` (String) The webhook URL.

### Optional

- `authorization_header` (String, Sensitive) The auth data of the webhook. Used in Authorization header instead of user/password auth.
- `data` (String) The data of the webhook.
- `forward_whole_payload` (Boolean) Toggle to send the entire webhook payload instead of using the values in the Data field.
- `headers` (String) Headers to add to the outgoing webhook request.
- `http_method` (String) The HTTP method used in the request made by the outgoing webhook. Defaults to `POST`.
- `integration_filter` (List of String) Restricts the outgoing webhook to only trigger if the event came from a selected integration. If no integrations are selected the outgoing webhook will trigger for any integration.
- `is_webhook_enabled` (Boolean) Controls whether the outgoing webhook will trigger or is ignored. Defaults to `true`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The auth data of the webhook. Used for Basic authentication
- `team_id` (String) The ID of the OnCall team (using the `grafana_oncall_team` datasource).
- `trigger_template` (String) A template used to dynamically determine whether the webhook should execute based on the content of the payload.
- `trigger_type` (String) The type of event that will cause this outgoing webhook to execute. The types of triggers are: `escalation`, `alert group created`, `acknowledge`, `resolve`, `silence`, `unsilence`, `unresolve`, `unacknowledge`. Defaults to `escalation`.
- `user` (String) Username to use when making the outgoing webhook request.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import grafana_oncall_outgoing_webhook.name "{{ id }}"
```
