---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana_oncall_integration Resource - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Official documentation https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/oncall/integrations/HTTP API https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/oncall/oncall-api-reference/
---

# grafana_oncall_integration (Resource)

* [Official documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/oncall/integrations/)
* [HTTP API](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/oncall/oncall-api-reference/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "grafana_oncall_integration" "test-acc-integration" {
  provider = grafana.oncall
  name     = "my integration"
  type     = "grafana"
  default_route {
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_route` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The Default route for all alerts from the given integration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_route))
- `name` (String) The name of the service integration.
- `type` (String) The type of integration. Can be grafana, webhook, alertmanager, kapacitor, fabric, newrelic, datadog, pagerduty, pingdom, elastalert, amazon_sns, curler, sentry, formatted_webhook, heartbeat, demo, manual, stackdriver, uptimerobot, sentry_platform, zabbix, prtg, slack_channel, inbound_email.

### Optional

- `team_id` (String) The id of the team.
- `templates` (Block List, Max: 1) Jinja2 templates for Alert payload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--templates))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `link` (String) The link for using in an integrated tool.

<a id="nestedblock--default_route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_route`

Optional:

- `escalation_chain_id` (String) The ID of the escalation chain.
- `slack` (Block List, Max: 1) Slack-specific settings for a route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_route--slack))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--default_route--slack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_route.slack`

Required:

- `channel_id` (String) Slack channel id. Alerts will be directed to this channel in Slack.



<a id="nestedblock--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `templates`

Optional:

- `grouping_key` (String) Template for the key by which alerts are grouped.
- `resolve_signal` (String) Template for sending a signal to resolve the Incident.
- `slack` (Block List, Max: 1) Templates for Slack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--templates--slack))

<a id="nestedblock--templates--slack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `templates.slack`

Optional:

- `image_url` (String) Template for Alert image url.
- `message` (String) Template for Alert message.
- `title` (String) Template for Alert title.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import grafana_oncall_integration.integration_name {{integration_id}}
```
