---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana_rule_group Resource - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: "Alerting"
description: |-
  Manages Grafana Alerting rule groups.
  Official documentation https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/set-up/provision-alerting-resources/terraform-provisioning/HTTP API https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/developers/http_api/alerting_provisioning/#alert-rules
  This resource requires Grafana 9.1.0 or later.
---

# grafana_rule_group (Resource)

Manages Grafana Alerting rule groups.

* [Official documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/set-up/provision-alerting-resources/terraform-provisioning/)
* [HTTP API](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/developers/http_api/alerting_provisioning/#alert-rules)

This resource requires Grafana 9.1.0 or later.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "grafana_folder" "rule_folder" {
  title = "My Alert Rule Folder"
}

resource "grafana_rule_group" "my_alert_rule" {
  name             = "My Rule Group"
  folder_uid       = grafana_folder.rule_folder.uid
  interval_seconds = 240
  org_id           = 1
  rule {
    name           = "My Alert Rule 1"
    for            = "2m"
    condition      = "B"
    no_data_state  = "NoData"
    exec_err_state = "Alerting"
    annotations = {
      "a" = "b"
      "c" = "d"
    }
    labels = {
      "e" = "f"
      "g" = "h"
    }
    is_paused = false
    data {
      ref_id     = "A"
      query_type = ""
      relative_time_range {
        from = 600
        to   = 0
      }
      datasource_uid = "PD8C576611E62080A"
      model = jsonencode({
        hide          = false
        intervalMs    = 1000
        maxDataPoints = 43200
        refId         = "A"
      })
    }
    data {
      ref_id     = "B"
      query_type = ""
      relative_time_range {
        from = 0
        to   = 0
      }
      datasource_uid = "-100"
      model          = <<EOT
{
    "conditions": [
        {
        "evaluator": {
            "params": [
            3
            ],
            "type": "gt"
        },
        "operator": {
            "type": "and"
        },
        "query": {
            "params": [
            "A"
            ]
        },
        "reducer": {
            "params": [],
            "type": "last"
        },
        "type": "query"
        }
    ],
    "datasource": {
        "type": "__expr__",
        "uid": "-100"
    },
    "hide": false,
    "intervalMs": 1000,
    "maxDataPoints": 43200,
    "refId": "B",
    "type": "classic_conditions"
}
EOT
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder_uid` (String) The UID of the folder that the group belongs to.
- `interval_seconds` (Number) The interval, in seconds, at which all rules in the group are evaluated. If a group contains many rules, the rules are evaluated sequentially.
- `name` (String) The name of the rule group.
- `rule` (Block List, Min: 1) The rules within the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule))

### Optional

- `disable_provenance` (Boolean) Allow modifying the rule group from other sources than Terraform or the Grafana API. Defaults to `false`.
- `org_id` (String) The Organization ID. If not set, the Org ID defined in the provider block will be used.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Required:

- `condition` (String) The `ref_id` of the query node in the `data` field to use as the alert condition.
- `data` (Block List, Min: 1) A sequence of stages that describe the contents of the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--data))
- `name` (String) The name of the alert rule.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Key-value pairs of metadata to attach to the alert rule. They add additional information, such as a `summary` or `runbook_url`, to help identify and investigate alerts. The `dashboardUId` and `panelId` annotations, which link alerts to a panel, must be set together. Defaults to `map[]`.
- `exec_err_state` (String) Describes what state to enter when the rule's query is invalid and the rule cannot be executed. Options are OK, Error, KeepLast, and Alerting. Defaults to `Alerting`.
- `for` (String) The amount of time for which the rule must be breached for the rule to be considered to be Firing. Before this time has elapsed, the rule is only considered to be Pending. Defaults to `0`.
- `is_paused` (Boolean) Sets whether the alert should be paused or not. Defaults to `false`.
- `labels` (Map of String) Key-value pairs to attach to the alert rule that can be used in matching, grouping, and routing. Defaults to `map[]`.
- `no_data_state` (String) Describes what state to enter when the rule's query returns No Data. Options are OK, NoData, KeepLast, and Alerting. Defaults to `NoData`.
- `notification_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Notification settings for the rule. If specified, it overrides the notification policies. Available since Grafana 10.4, requires feature flag 'alertingSimplifiedRouting' to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--notification_settings))
- `record` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for a recording rule. Available since Grafana 11.2, requires feature flag 'grafanaManagedRecordingRules' to be enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--record))

Read-Only:

- `uid` (String) The unique identifier of the alert rule.

<a id="nestedblock--rule--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.data`

Required:

- `datasource_uid` (String) The UID of the datasource being queried, or "-100" if this stage is an expression stage.
- `model` (String) Custom JSON data to send to the specified datasource when querying.
- `ref_id` (String) A unique string to identify this query stage within a rule.
- `relative_time_range` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The time range, relative to when the query is executed, across which to query. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--data--relative_time_range))

Optional:

- `query_type` (String) An optional identifier for the type of query being executed. Defaults to `` with possible values of either "instant" or "range".

<a id="nestedblock--rule--data--relative_time_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.data.relative_time_range`

Required:

- `from` (Number) The number of seconds in the past, relative to when the rule is evaluated, at which the time range begins.
- `to` (Number) The number of seconds in the past, relative to when the rule is evaluated, at which the time range ends.



<a id="nestedblock--rule--notification_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.notification_settings`

Required:

- `contact_point` (String) The contact point to route notifications that match this rule to.

Optional:

- `group_by` (List of String) A list of alert labels to group alerts into notifications by. Use the special label `...` to group alerts by all labels, effectively disabling grouping. If empty, no grouping is used. If specified, requires labels 'alertname' and 'grafana_folder' to be included.
- `group_interval` (String) Minimum time interval between two notifications for the same group. Default is 5 minutes.
- `group_wait` (String) Time to wait to buffer alerts of the same group before sending a notification. Default is 30 seconds.
- `mute_timings` (List of String) A list of mute timing names to apply to alerts that match this policy.
- `repeat_interval` (String) Minimum time interval for re-sending a notification if an alert is still firing. Default is 4 hours.


<a id="nestedblock--rule--record"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.record`

Required:

- `from` (String) The ref id of the query node in the data field to use as the source of the metric.
- `metric` (String) The name of the metric to write to.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import grafana_rule_group.name "{{ folderUID }}:{{ title }}"
terraform import grafana_rule_group.name "{{ orgID }}:{{ folderUID }}:{{ title }}"
```
