---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafana_slo Resource - terraform-provider-grafana"
subcategory: "SLO"
description: |-
  Resource manages Grafana SLOs.
  Official documentation https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/slo/API documentation https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/slo/api/
---

# grafana_slo (Resource)

Resource manages Grafana SLOs. 

* [Official documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/slo/)
* [API documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/slo/api/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "grafana_slo" "test" {
  name        = "Terraform Testing"
  description = "Terraform Description"
  query {
    freeformquery {
      query = "sum(rate(apiserver_request_total{code!=\"500\"}[$__rate_interval])) / sum(rate(apiserver_request_total[$__rate_interval]))"
    }
    type          = "freeform"
  }
  objectives {
    value  = 0.995
    window = "30d"
  }
  label {
    key   = "custom"
    value = "value"
  }
  alerting {
    fastburn {
      annotation {
        key   = "name"
        value = "Critical - SLO Burn Rate Alert"
      }
      label {
        key   = "type"
        value = "slo"
      }
    }

    slowburn {
      annotation {
        key   = "name"
        value = "Warning - SLO Burn Rate Alert"
      }
      label {
        key   = "type"
        value = "slo"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description is a free-text field that can provide more context to an SLO.
- `name` (String) Name should be a short description of your indicator. Consider names like "API Availability"
- `objectives` (Block List, Min: 1) Over each rolling time window, the remaining error budget will be calculated, and separate alerts can be generated for each time window based on the SLO burn rate or remaining error budget. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--objectives))
- `query` (Block List, Min: 1) Query describes the indicator that will be measured against the objective. Freeform Query types are currently supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--query))

### Optional

- `alerting` (Block List) Configures the alerting rules that will be generated for each
				time window associated with the SLO. Grafana SLOs can generate
				alerts when the short-term error budget burn is very high, the
				long-term error budget burn rate is high, or when the remaining
				error budget is below a certain threshold. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alerting))
- `label` (Block List) Additional labels that will be attached to all metrics generated from the query. These labels are useful for grouping SLOs in dashboard views that you create by hand. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--label))

### Read-Only

- `dashboard_uid` (String) A reference to a dashboard that the plugin has installed in Grafana based on this SLO. This field is read-only, it is generated by the Grafana SLO Plugin.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--objectives"></a>
### Nested Schema for `objectives`

Required:

- `value` (Number) Value between 0 and 1. If the value of the query is above the objective, the SLO is met.
- `window` (String) A Prometheus-parsable time duration string like 24h, 60m. This is the time window the objective is measured over.


<a id="nestedblock--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query`

Required:

- `freeformquery` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--query--freeformquery))
- `type` (String) Query type must be one of: "freeform", "query", "ratio", or "threshold"

<a id="nestedblock--query--freeformquery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query.freeformquery`

Optional:

- `query` (String) Freeform Query Field



<a id="nestedblock--alerting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alerting`

Optional:

- `annotation` (Block List) Annotations will be attached to all alerts generated by any of these rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alerting--annotation))
- `fastburn` (Block List) Alerting Rules generated for Fast Burn alerts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alerting--fastburn))
- `label` (Block List) Labels will be attached to all alerts generated by any of these rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alerting--label))
- `slowburn` (Block List) Alerting Rules generated for Slow Burn alerts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alerting--slowburn))

<a id="nestedblock--alerting--annotation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alerting.annotation`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--alerting--fastburn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alerting.fastburn`

Optional:

- `annotation` (Block List) Annotations to attach only to Fast Burn alerts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alerting--fastburn--annotation))
- `label` (Block List) Labels to attach only to Fast Burn alerts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alerting--fastburn--label))

<a id="nestedblock--alerting--fastburn--annotation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alerting.fastburn.annotation`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--alerting--fastburn--label"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alerting.fastburn.label`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--alerting--label"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alerting.label`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--alerting--slowburn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alerting.slowburn`

Optional:

- `annotation` (Block List) Annotations to attach only to Slow Burn alerts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alerting--slowburn--annotation))
- `label` (Block List) Labels to attach only to Slow Burn alerts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alerting--slowburn--label))

<a id="nestedblock--alerting--slowburn--annotation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alerting.slowburn.annotation`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--alerting--slowburn--label"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alerting.slowburn.label`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--label"></a>
### Nested Schema for `label`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


